UserID	UserID
DatasetType	DatasetType (test or train)
ActivityType	ActivityType
tBodyAcc-mean()-X	mean calculation
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	mean calculation
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	mean calculation
tBodyAcc-std()-X	std calculation
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	std calculation
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	std calculation
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	mean calculation
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	mean calculation
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	mean calculation
tGravityAcc-std()-X	std calculation
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	std calculation
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	std calculation
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	mean calculation
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	mean calculation
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	mean calculation
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	std calculation
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	std calculation
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	std calculation
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	mean calculation
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	mean calculation
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	mean calculation
tBodyGyro-std()-X	std calculation
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	std calculation
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	std calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	mean calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	mean calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	mean calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	std calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	std calculation
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	std calculation
tBodyAccMag-mean()	mean calculation
tBodyAccMag-std()	std calculation
tGravityAccMag-mean()	mean calculation
tGravityAccMag-std()	std calculation
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	mean calculation
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	std calculation
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	mean calculation
tBodyGyroMag-std()	std calculation
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	mean calculation
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	std calculation
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	mean calculation
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	mean calculation
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	mean calculation
fBodyAcc-std()-X	std calculation
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	std calculation
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	std calculation
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	mean calculation
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	mean calculation
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	mean calculation
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	std calculation
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	std calculation
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	std calculation
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	mean calculation
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	mean calculation
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	mean calculation
fBodyGyro-std()-X	std calculation
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	std calculation
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	std calculation
fBodyAccMag-mean()	mean calculation
fBodyAccMag-std()	std calculation
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	mean calculation
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	std calculation
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	mean calculation
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	std calculation
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	mean calculation
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	std calculation
